[Music]
so transformation
this
[Music]
with thunder
to
[Music]
Oh
your card is
[Music]
he has some pretty spiffy combos almost
all of them ending with some lightning
attack of course this makes them fun to
use as ending a combo almost feels like
you're using a jutsu as far as jutsu
they are pretty standard nothing
exciting but it's just the fireball so
what can you expect though the dragon
fire looks really nice sadly his
Ultimates just don't work out
the first is just decent but it ends
with a nice explosion the second starts
well but lacks a strong finish for the
awakening it's disappointing that he
doesn't use fireballs for his normal
projectile attacks now though his chakra
projectile is nice but the best part is
his jutsu
I think the black Chidori is better than
his Ultimates
[Music]
Julie
Oh
[Music]
my god
what do you get when you take good
combos from this previous foam and make
them even better these complex even
though one of them doesn't end with a
fancy attack now the rest are just so
much better it doesn't matter now his
jutsu are a lot better here sure the
other ones weren't exciting mostly due
to the attack being so simple in no way
of really making it exciting but still
the enhanced version really helps to
make this point to his awakening makes
his combos even better now his sword is
just covered in lightning does that
really need explaining why it's awesome
the ultimate is missing the big payoff
at the end instead you give him grabbing
his eye what would be better is if the
fire did something else to signal the
end of the attack then he covered his
eye you begun to understand my hatred
[Music]
you